The prince was already poisoned,
Then let people drink this great tonic medicine,
It's a poisonous attack. The prince is not from the river either.
I poison the prince all the time, I poison him all the time,
As long as anyone harms him, he will be born in the daytime,
Could it be that the person who poisoned the prince was not a woman?
Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake.
Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake, Bake.
It's all poison if you put it there.
The prince was deeply injured
If you don't prescribe stronger medicine,
Still won't be good
It’s called Yidu Gongdu
So you can rest assured and arrest her.
Okay, Prince Haoyi is quite handsome.
Unfortunately not
But fortunately you saw me
let me help you